Added samples for Protecting Sensitive Data in Event-Sourced Systems with Crypto Shredding (#8)
EventStore/samples: CQRS_Flow/.NET/README.md

## Prerequisities

> 1. Install .NET Core 5.0 - https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0.
> 2. Install Visual Studio 2019, Rider or VSCode.
> 3. Install docker - https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/.
> 4. Open `ECommerce.sln` solution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- .NET 5.0 - https://dotnet.microsoft.com/download/dotnet/5.0.
- Visual Studio 2019, Jetbrains Rider or VSCode.
- Docker - https://docs.docker.com/docker-for-windows/install/.
```

## Running

1. Run: `docker-compose up`.

> 2. Wait until all dockers are up and running.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Wait until all Docker containers are up and running.
```

> 3. You should automatically get:
>     - EventStoreDB UI: http://localhost:2113/
>     - ElasticSearch running at http://localhost:9200
>     - Kibana - UI for ElasticSearch . Available at: http://localhost:5601
> 4. Open, build and run `ECommerce.sln` solution.
> 	- Swagger should be available at: http://localhost:5000/index.html

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Check that you can access each started component the following URLs:
    - EventStoreDB: http://localhost:2113/ (use the default user `admin` and password `changeit`)
    - ElasticSearch: http://localhost:9200
    - Kibana: http://localhost:5601
4. Open, build and run `ECommerce.sln` solution.
    - The Swagger UI should be available at: http://localhost:5000/index.html
```
